Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Artemis Financial, a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for their customers. The financial plans include savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. Artemis Financial has a RESTful web application programming interface (API). They are seeking Global Rain’s expertise about how to protect the organization from external threats. As part of the team, you must examine Artemis Financial’s web-based software application to identify any security vulnerabilities.  They are seeking Global Rain’s expertise about how to protect their client data and financial information.  Artemis Financial wants to add a file verification step to their web application to ensure secure communications. 
What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
The thing I did really well when I found the client’s software security vulnerabilities was reviewing the dependency check report and identifying false positives as well as a quick resolution to correct most of the vulnerabilities by upgrading. It is important to code securely because it prevents unauthorized access through open web protocols or malicious injection through input data. Software security offers a longevity for a company because their client’s information is incredibly safe by the security measures which in turn will draw in new clients and maintain current client base because they are considered trustworthy. 
What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
The main part of the vulnerability assessment that was helpful to me was learning the cryptology through secure hash generation to encode the data with a hexadecimal value. The part that was the most difficult at first was finding a way to identify and omit false positives.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
I increased the layers by maintaining industry leading best practices to ensure the data was secure. The proper certification protocol was adjusted, the data was converted to a hexadecimal encryption, the hash value was checked with checksum, and a dependency report was generated. In the future I would continue to use the dependency check. This generated html document lays out vulnerabilities in the built software and also allows the suppression of false positives. Being able to browse the changelog on the dependency issues also allows the viewing of possible solutions.
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
To make sure the code and software was functional and secure I first checked for any listed problems in Eclipse. Creating a certificate was done through command line. I then ran a debug process to ensure it wasn’t flawed with any internal bugs. I then created a dependency check report to see if there were any impacting vulnerabilities. I finished up by running the program and verifying the certificate was in working order to transmit through localhost on HTTPS. To check for any new vulnerabilities I loaded the original dependency report without any modifications against the report from the refactored code.
•	What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?

A key coding practice I used that will be helpful in future assignments was detailed commenting. This assists not only myself in knowing the intended use of lines of code but it can also aide colleagues in knowing what areas need to be fixed or what was built and its purpose so they know how to build on to it.

•	Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
To showcase my abilities for future employers, I would discuss the certificate generation process because it aided in converting HTTP to HTTPS which ensured a secure connection. Also the encryption where the data string was converted to a hexadecimal. This would be valuable skill to showcase how I can predict user and company data through key security.
